hello how are you connoisseurs
and paez moves away bulls year in a step of all the current youth
an advice if you want to be athletes
they have to be
very constant very
assets said company fight
jj knows what he says
the times an adult any
his work with the sub 17 guys made the whole country notice
putin
those known as little women were unforgettable mix of talent and
quality
already has successor
the boys of the sub 15
serv this is useful ceased this
beautiful
the breed does not improve but not for me the most important thing
He dedicated some containers
part a keller dream being
Like any young footballer, the summit is to be in your team.
I promise this
give all of me to give me the codes of the 17
this group that took place in 2007 between the little sub-20
she and that protect them the idea is a very good group
well he has shown and this guy was enough want to follow in his footsteps
the teacher in
as they call the defense of many technicians is not interested in directing the
May selection
is that jj happened for the young people and they for him
soto soto that
roser exelente
very good trainer
in the salle based on tante dinners
and off the courts is also a good person help us noah tips
heavy as father and son with this guy I came over to train them and reading
tactical part as it plays but you have to talk about being
they are little human beings who have problems that have
dreams the sun very innocent
they play the game more in a joke and
from txiki or law of young children
yes it is that kiev a milestone and who will be remembered was when he told me saints
how do not you see it as something
now the spiderman arrives
Barak Obama
for now
He had a lot of tension and above all
when there is a person from the case millet ida tessio please the football player the fact
of what
his parents source ap has been a player who has played
we decided to register
the tension and good and besides I feel good I feel young gave the audience
a classroom
unlike adult footballers these last generations of players
they have achieved with discipline and constancy of the pro-management for the
country
kaos
Cuernavaca
alteration of the homegrown players i left a
does what inside people
nobody asks us kingson
the nurses are very good players
there are talents I think we see ourselves very far
besides the talent and the good soccer I think that now they give you the facilities
this
there are psychologists there are doctors that before this Christmas this of preparers
physical
before there was not that either
and I think it has gone to more in the mental part
not that now in the generation of gold is this
has done very good
uncomfortable at 6 and 7
and now we have to make a
a goal paper
and 15 is preparing for the South American category
the third in brazil the next
from the hand of jj inner pages are wrapped in three hours of
daily trainings with the teacher
you also learn and health
he taught me what to do
the one that was achieved with thousands as many of them are
the hector aike
good to a little more known this one has not changed and that night
since boy ended up in a shooting we will pass in these moments
that you earn a lot of money
they can this
get ahead the commission in Latin and it depends on profit and since they are
the only ones who rule over their future have learned to manage their
time this year the particular collegiate
as a shoemaker is everything
min is very complicated but good there giving it for the year
but leave society
no it is not always
every thing in its time
percent good I think it's a bit sacrificed but
everything second eye comes out ahead
except for the afternoon
I put in my house almaraz ii in a queue
the forum about a short and
good the fort and hand with him study
remember the experts do not understand that they have me
to these figures we have to support them seriously and not stop only when the
effort has already paid off
if you are like mendez and you like soccer by any other discipline
take your youth and catch it
no no you do not have to be afraid of anything to fight why
michel are published not registered in his final sentence
and what if things go wrong using a greater net trend of employment the idea
the fact that the fugitive on what that very nice day
it's a fun that
the detainee does not have to
how do I repeat your thing